---
path: "/about/"
title: "About Us"
---

Decker Particles Inc. was founded in January 2017 by Dr. Owen H. Decker to
provide large-particle coatings, and large-particle application equipment to the
powder coating world.

Before beginning his career in powder coatings, Dr. Decker obtained classical
training in organic chemistry, and worked with both carbon fiber/epoxy composites
and high performance thermoplastics. He joined Morton Powder Coatings in 1991
and has worked for several major powder coating manufacturers improving
technologies such as epoxy wrinkle, functional coatings, and high temperature
resistant coatings.

Dr. Decker recognized that although the tiny size of traditional powder coating
particles makes powder convenient to manufacture and apply, it also introduces
limitations on appearance, composition and performance.
Powder coatings are characteristically one color, with uniform gloss and texture.
Because the individual particles are so tiny, even blends of different coatings
produce coatings that are uniform in color when viewed at distances more than a
few feet.

Because they are so tiny, powder coatings particles cannot contain large
reinforcing materials such as fibers and high-aspect ratio flakes. Absence of
reinforcing materials means that powder coatings exhibit performance typical of
paint rather than the much higher strenth of fiber-containing composites or the
superior chemical resistance of glass-flake-containing coatings.

Decker Particles Inc. was founded to develop large, sprayable coating particles,
and to discover or invent ways to apply these particles to form novel coatings with
heretofore unobtainable appearances and mechanical properties.

Decker Particles Inc. is located near Kansas City, Missouri, close to an
international airport, and to major interstate transportation routes.
